# Correlation and Association Mining Based Networks using different Centrality Measures and Stock Trend Classification and Stock Price Prediction with the help of various technical indicators using different ML algorithms - Indian Stock Exchange

# ABSTRACT :

Complex network analysis (CNA) has become an ever increasing and interesting area of research in the field of Network Science. CNA is the analysis and visualization of huge complex network graphs and it also involves the study of different properties of the networks using various efficient algorithms. The major classes of complex networks include Technological networks, Biological/ Ecological networks, Economic/Financial networks, social networks and Cultural networks. The study of Complex Network Analysis has gained a lot of interest in different areas of the Economic/ Financial networks such as Stock Market. There is a direct Correlation between a Countries economy and its stock market. In this paper we analyse the relationship between different sectors of the Indian Stock Market (NSE) by looking into the market price data of the sectors. The investment in different sectors of the Indian Stock market has been gradually growing popular lately. Predicting the trend and price of stock allows the investors to increase their profits from investments. The proposed work also focuses on the trend classification and price prediction of Nifty 50 sector with the help of different technical indicators using different ML algorithms.
